## EQ-06  Indoor Air Quality
### Purpose and Intent
This credit aims to:

* Maintain a healthy indoor environment in the project for the health and wellbeing of users; and
* Reduce the risk due to poor indoor air quality.

### Requirements
Requirements for this credit are the following:

1. Identify strategies to ensure indoor air quality, which must include:
    * Compliance with _Philippine Green Building Code, Section 15. Indoor Environmental Quality, Table 16. Minimum Ventilation Rates in Breathing Zones_ (Department of Public Works and Highways, 2015);
    * Prohibiting smoking in the project in accordance to _Executive Order No. 26, s. 2017, Providing for the Establishment of Smoke-free Environments in Public and Enclosed Places_;
    * Placing air intakes twenty (20) meters beyond sources of external pollution sources; and
    * Providing a ten (10) meter distance between intake and exhaust of the project's HVAC system;
2. Assess the compliance of the project with _ASHRAE No. 62.1-2016: Ventilation for Acceptable Indoor Air Quality_; and
3. Implement the established strategies.

### Compliance
#### Stage 1
The project team must submit:

* Accomplished _Template - Credit Submission_, which should include:
    * Summary of strategies for indoor air quality, and
    * Narrative how the project complied with the requirements of the credit;
* Schedule of ventilation rates, which should include information on:
    * Spaces in the project,
    * Minimum People Outdoor Air Rate in cubic meter per hour per person (m<sup>3/</sup>h/person) for each space,
    * Minimum Area Outdoor Air Rate in cubic meter per hour per square meter (m<sup>3/</sup>h/m<sup>2</sup>), and
    * Maximum occupancy density;
* Policy for "No Smoking" for the common areas of the building;
* Relevant sections on plans and specifications showing:
    * Distances of air intakes from identified external pollution sources,
    * Distances of HVAC intake and exhaust, and
    * Designated smoking areas;
* Report on the indoor air requirements for the project, which should include:
    * Sources of external pollutions in the project,
    * Compliance with _ASHRAE No. 62.1-2016_, and
    * Requirements for air intakes and exhausts;
* Purchase order on the specified products, materials or equipment in the design of the project.

| Points | Compliance Requirements |
|:------:| ------------------------|
| **2**  | Submitted plans and specifications reflecting strategies for compliance with indoor air quality requirements, and policy on prohibiting smoking in the project. |
| **0**  | Submitted policy on prohibiting smoking in the project. |

#### Stage 2
The project team must submit:

* Accomplished _Template - Credit Submission_, which should include:
    * Changes in the submission for Stage 1,
    * Summary of strategies for indoor air quality, and
    * Narrative how the project complied with the requirements of the credit;
* Relevant sections on as-built plans and specifications showing:
    * Distances of air intakes from identified external pollution sources, and
    * Distances of HVAC intake and exhaust;
* Report on compliance with _ASHRAE No. 62.1-2016_;
* Records on the implementation of established strategies, which should include:
    * Official receipts or sales invoices,
    * Delivery receipts,
    * Installation records,
    * Service contracts, and
    * Photographs.

| Points | Compliance Requirements |
|:------:| ------------------------|
| **2**  | Submitted as-built plans, specifications and reports showing compliance with indoor air quality requirements, and policy and records of implementation on prohibiting smoking in the project. |
| **0**  | Submitted policy and records of implementation on prohibiting smoking in the project. |
